Docs: Fix incorrect explanations and examples about ZonedDateTime (#2514)
tc39/proposal-temporal: docs/zoneddatetime.md

- Zero if the two instances describe the same exact instant, ignoring the time zone and calendar
- 1 if `one` is greater than `two`

Comparison uses exact time, not calendar date and clock time, because sorting is almost always based on when events happen in the real world (and note that sorting by clock time may not match the order of actual occurrence near discontinuities such as DST transitions).

Calendars and time zones are also ignored in the comparison for the same reason.

> For example, this method returns `0` for instances that fall on the same day and time in the ISO 8601 calendar, even if their fields do not match due to use of different calendars and/or time zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this method returns `0` for instances that fall on the same date and time in the UTC time zone and ISO 8601 calendar, even if fields like `minute` or `day` do not match due to use of different time zones and/or calendars.
```

This function exists because it's not possible to compare using `zonedDateTime == other` or `zonedDateTime === other`, due to ambiguity in the primitive representation and between Temporal types.

If you don't need to know the order in which two events occur, then this function is easier to use than `Temporal.ZonedDateTime.compare`.

> However, there are subtle differences between the two methods—a `true` result from `equals` includes comparison of calendar and time zone, and is therefore stronger than a `0` result from compare (which ignores calendar and time zone).

Reviewer: Good catch. The old docs were how it used to work before we were required to switch to the current behavior as a condition of getting Stage 3!
